Update contributing guide and add contributor over time graph (#8079)
pingcap/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

> **Note:**
>
> This section takes creating a PR to the `master` branch as an example. Steps of creating PRs to other branches are similar.
>

> > TiDB currently maintains the following versions of TiDB documentation: dev(the latest development version, which corresponds to the master branch of documentation repository), v5.2, v5.1, v5.0, v4.0, v3.1, v3.0 and v2.1. Please consider which version(s) will be affected by your changes before creating a Pull Request, and apply your changes to corresponding version(s). You can refer to [Guideline for choosing the affected version(s)](#guideline-for-choosing-the-affected-versions) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before creating a Pull Request, consider all applicable version(s) of your changes and apply your changes to the corresponding version(s). You can refer to [Guideline for choosing the affected version(s)](#guideline-for-choosing-the-affected-versions) for more information.
```
